# OS Project
Ques. 16. Design a scheduler that can schedule the processes arriving system at periodical intervals. Every process is assigned with a fixed time slice t millisecond. If it is not able to complete its execution within the assigned time quantum, then automated timer generates an interrupt. The scheduler will select the next process in the queue and dispatcher dispatches the process to processor for execution. Compute the total time for which processes were in the queue waiting for the processor. Take the input for CPU burst, arrival time and time quantum from the user.


Q43. Develop a scheduler which submits processes to the processor in the following scenario and compute the scheduler performance by providing the waiting time for process, turnaround time for process and average waiting time and turnaround time.
Considering the arrival time and the burst time requirement of the processes the scheduler schedules the processes by interrupting the processor after every 3units of time and does consider the completion of the process in this iteration. The scheduler then checks for the number of processes waiting for the processor and allots the processor to the process but interrupting the processor after every 6 units of time and considers the completion of the process in this iteration. The scheduler after these iteration checks for the number of processes waiting for the processor and now provides the processor to the process with the least time requirement to go in the terminated state.
The inputs for the number of requirements, arrival time and burst time should be provided by the user.
